---
description: Configuring your signing key and where signatures are written
---

# Local setup

{% hint style="warning" %}
#### This guide is for testing purposes only!

This is intended to show how you can run a validator on your _**local machine**_, which is only for testing and development purposes. This also means that signatures from local validators are only able to be accessed by locally ran relayers.

For running a validator in a production environment, see the [AWS setup](aws-setup.md) guide.
{% endhint %}

### Create a new address & private key for your validator to sign with

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Using privatekeys.pw" %}
You can visit [https://privatekeys.pw/keys/ethereum/random](https://privatekeys.pw/keys/ethereum/random) and take note of an address & private key for use in future steps as the validator key.

{% hint style="warning" %}
Please note that because these are generated by a website, these private keys should be considered insecure and should not be used for anything other than testing purposes!
{% endhint %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Cast CLI" %}
Using [Foundry's cast](https://book.getfoundry.sh/cast/), you can create a new key pair:

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```sh
cast wallet new
```
{% endcode %}

The output will look something like this. Keep track of this address and private key for use in a later step.

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```
Successfully created new keypair.
Address: 0x32e6d32E7b1C8691Ef4ad3841003371214a0eebC
Private Key: 0x2958f0eb2ab71bbfb5ea1422835e20e488778b61e3c107f369572e2b53b578f9
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Create a local directory for your validator's signatures

When running a validator locally, your validator will write its signatures to a local directory. This directory can be named whatever you like, just remember to use this directory when setting your [environment variables](../environment-variables.md).

```sh
# Pick an informative name specific to the chain you're validating
MY_VALIDATOR_SIGNATURES_DIRECTORY=/tmp/hyperlane-validator-signatures-ethereum

# Create the directory
mkdir $MY_VALIDATOR_SIGNATURES_DIRECTORY
```

### Next

Continue to the [Environment variables](../environment-variables.md) section.

{% content-ref url="../environment-variables.md" %}
[environment-variables.md](../environment-variables.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}
